PR: Update Changelog, Announcements and metadata files for 6.0.7 (#24464)
spyder-ide/spyder: Announcements.md

# Minor release to list

**Subject**: [ANN] Spyder 6.0.7 is released!

Hi all,

On behalf of the [Spyder Project Contributors](https://github.com/spyder-ide/spyder/graphs/contributors),
I'm pleased to announce that Spyder **6.0.7** has been released and is available for
Windows, GNU/Linux and MacOS X: https://github.com/spyder-ide/spyder/releases

This release comes one week after version 6.0.6 and it contains the
following important fixes:

> * Fix hard crash when checking conda for cached kernels.
> * Fix inline plots failing due to faulty `traitlets` versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix crash at startup on Windows when Conda is not available.
* Fix failure to show plots in the Plots pane due to faulty `traitlets` versions.
```
